today we are going to prepare shepherd's
pie and
to towards ahead of time and I used as
potato peeler which is really easy to
remove the peel and I cubed potatoes I'm
bothered for about 25 minutes and then
with in the water and with himself those
are ready to go you got a feeling
fearful source of frozen potatoes which
you can use respond directions they're a
quick method if you want to use them now
to a 10 and a half spoon of oil and I've
chopped up the onions into small pieces
as you can see and added a pound of one
which is now cooking in the oil we're
going to keep cooking this until it's
nice and brown similar to Amber galit
that's how we want it completely cooked
through don't see any redness or bloody
meat which I see it now some bread
that's what I mean by that is going to
keep cooking for a while well that's
cooked rabbi some water here we need two
thirds of a cup of water and we've added
an ox or cube which is one of these
which I've just crumbled into the
container here and i'll be adding to
two-thirds of a lot this will be the
brown stock that we need to add to the
meat when it's cooked you just crumble
this is comforting
we come
when the walter rather just let this
cook a little longer
would be as for a while
right enough
of flowers help to soak up some of the
juices and I'll get to think
you can see now the redness of the meats
is gone I can see it's all brand I'm
going to have the flower just plain
flour all purpose flour as we call it in
America and that won't help to thicken
up the juices and make it all together
nice one types of some of the juices
then let's get thicker when we add the
stock blend in and now I need to add the
water to the axle the barrel stock I'm
just adding it up to the three two
thirds of a cup measure which is about
four ounces and I'm going to add this to
the meat and let it simmer for two or
three minutes try getting regular out of
them are back with us and let's stop
so simple two or three minutes pick it
up
yeah things up a couple of minutes just
simmer for about two or three minutes
now I'd like to have some salt and
pepper just to season it not too much
salt because I like to be light on the
song jokes are just dash that and then
just stir that and i'm going to add it
to an eye by nine inch glass dish hey to
Beadie because it needs to be able to
handle all the meat and the juices which
was we actually get thicker and thicker
as it cooks scrape up all of us to pull
the bottom of the pan it's going to be
slice along as why does have to be a
ground one let us know yep your cat's
fine details of the butcher if you will
prepare you some ground lamb off nice
long always available for you to pick up
but if you ask the butcher a little bit
quite a blinding when I make shepherd's
pie I like to add some vegetables to it
cuz I mean when my son was young we
didn't didn't always like vegetables so
this is another way for people to get
vegetables into recipes and all my aunt
likes to ride it forces one doesn't
really like vegetables so she adds it to
and just press it in and during the cast
is a of it being cooked it will cook
vegetables in the oven now we are ready
for the potatoes are already being
taught to crack the 25 minutes and I'm
going to
Ashton I'm going to add some milk just a
little bit let me have a cup then I'm
going to add salt and pepper to taste
mr. top you get a bit more flavor if you
really want to go one step further you
can also add some cheese just another
daughter just about 1 tablespoon of
butter and then mash it until it comes
to a creamy consistency nice and puffy
after you've mash the potatoes just put
it on top of the meat mixture and the
vegetable mixture
I'm just gonna make out coopering Gover
it from edge to edge
like I said you cannot choose to this if
you like to make it up different again
and some people even use instead of
potatoes turnips which a little bit more
difficult to handle then your priority
is named to vigorous bag so traditional
shepherd's around has potato now you
have the potatoes on top of the meat
just press it down press it down nicely
and then make a design on top to make it
even look more appealing okay now using
the mail make like tram lines across the
top just to make it look attractive you
have to get too crazy with this very
simple now we have our prepared dish of
shepherd's pie and is ready to go in the
oven which is set at 350 degrees and gas
mark 4 if you add for that setting and
let's just open the oven and put it in
the middle of the oven where it will
cook for 45 minutes okay the shepherd's
pie night is now fully cooked as you can
see it's nice and bubbly nice and crispy
on the top the potatoes are one you need
really a few minutes for this cool down
I did put a tray underneath to stop it
from dirty in the oven the duties Duke
tend to rip down when it's cool
depending on many people around I
general to cut it down the middle
okay we've taken the shepherd's pie out
of the oven it's been cooking for 45
minutes we've let it settle just for a
few minutes so we can scoop it out of
the pan and it comes out nice and easy
with a spatula place it on the plot and
I've also bought ready-made grier
because that's not one of my specialties
but savory beef gravy works wonderfully
with up just as warm it up and then add
some to the shepherd's pie and I've also
cooked them some broccoli to go with it
and there you have enough English meal